Add namespace formatting rules (#26438)
dotnet/docs: docs/fundamentals/code-analysis/style-rules/formatting-rules.md

using Octokit;
```

### Dotnet namespace options

> 

Author: Good catch. I thought I copied it, but I didn't

using Octokit;
```

### Dotnet namespace options

> These formatting rules concern the declaration of `Namespace` blocks in both C# and Visual Basic. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These formatting rules concern the declaration of namespaces in both C# and Visual Basic.
```

Example *.editorconfig* file:

```ini
# .NET namespace rules
[*.{cs,vb}]
dotnet_style_namespace_match_folder = true
```

#### dotnet\_style\_namespace\_match\_folder

|Property|Value|
|-|-|
| **Option name** | dotnet_style_namespace_match_folder |

> | **Applicable languages** | C# |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Applicable languages** | C# and Visual Basic |
```
